DOCSP-49719: connectTimeoutMS option for TLS (#130)
mongodb/docs-java-rs: source/whats-new.txt

   learn more about compatible versions of the server, see
   :ref:`java-rs-compatibility`.

The 5.5 driver release includes the following changes, fixes,
and features:

> - Adds support for the ``connectTimeoutMS`` option when using the
>   default reactive streams TLS transport layer. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds support for the ``connectTimeoutMS`` option when using the
  default {+java-rs+} TLS transport layer. 
```
